---
title: "How to Use Kuaishou for Business Marketing"
slug: how-to-use-kuaishou-for-business-marketing
description: "Kuaishou is a robust Chinese video-sharing platform that is ideal for brand marketing. Find out how to use Kuaishou marketing strategies for business."
date: 2025-04-02T17:30:54+00:00
keywords: kuaishou
tags:
- kuaishou
---

# How to Use Kuaishou for Business Marketing

If your business is looking to penetrate the Chinese market, then Kuaishou offers a great pathway. This short video app is the second most popular social media site in China and has been called the Chinese TikTok. 

Kuaishou has over 600 million users, the majority of whom are in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. With 10 billion daily video views, Kuaishou has positioned itself as a video-based shopping and entertainment platform. 

If Kuaishou is not already part of your YouTube and TikTok marketing strategy, now is the time to learn how to leverage this robust video-sharing platform for business marketing. 


## 📢 Kuaishou Marketing Strategies for Business

TikTok and Kuaishou have similar functions, but Kuaishou has been designed specifically for the Chinese market. The site is extremely popular with younger audiences, with over 40% of its users between the ages of 19 and 29. Kuaishou is also known for its user-friendly interface, and its algorithms promote localized content.

Kuaishou has been recognized as an e-commerce powerhouse and has refined its social shopping functions. Kuaishou allows businesses to create storefronts, launch targeted ads, and create optimized content. 

If a business is serious about penetrating the Chinese market, it needs to adopt Kuaishou marketing strategies.


## 💡 Establish a Kuaishou Account

The first step to utilizing Kuaishou for business marketing is to set up a Kuaishou business account. Kuaishou offers three types of accounts. 

To set up a Kuaishou business account, start by downloading the Kuaishou app. The app is available in English and can be downloaded from Apple’s App Store or Google Play.

After downloading the app, open it and click on the profile icon located in the lower right corner of the screen. 

If you want to create a business account, you will need to use an existing personal account to upgrade to a business account. 

Next, you will be prompted to register with a mobile phone number. 

You can register with an existing phone number and then receive a six-digit verification code via SMS. Input that code and select “Confirm”. 

You must also create a password, which can be done by either selecting the option for a password generated by Kuaishou or creating your own password. 

Next, select “Profile” and select the option to “Switch Account”. 

You will then need to provide a business license for your business account. 

Once you have provided your business license and other required materials, you can select “Switch to Business Account”. 

After switching to a business account, you can manage multiple accounts from the Kuaishou app.


## 📊 Kuaishou for Business Marketing

After establishing a Kuaishou account for your business, there are several ways to leverage Kuaishou for marketing. While Kuaishou can offer the same types of influencer marketing as TikTok, Kuaishou has its own unique advantages.

### Kuaishou Ads

Kuaishou Ads provides advertising options for various business needs. Kuaishou Ads allows businesses to promote their storefronts, apps, and content. 

Kuaishou Ads has several advertising options, including Kuaishou feed ads, Kuaishou rich media ads, Kuaishou search ads, Kuaishou SmartAds, Kuaishou brand ads, and Kuaishou e-commerce ads. 

Kuaishou Ads also enables businesses to target specific audiences and optimize their ads by utilizing various ad types and placements.


### Kuaishou Influencer Marketing

Kuaishou has over 150 million influencers and bloggers. Businesses can leverage the popularity of Kuaishou influencers to promote their products and services. 

Kuaishou influencers can showcase your product, drive traffic to your storefront, and promote sales. 

To find Kuaishou influencers for your business, you can search Kuaishou’s library of verified influencers or other influencer marketing platforms, such as Xiaohongshu or WeMedia. 


### Kuaishou Business Storefront

Kuaishou has launched a number of e-commerce functions to help businesses sell directly through its platform. Kuaishou has partnered with a number of retailers and marketplaces, including JD.com, Pinduoduo, and Xiaohongshu.

With Kuaishou’s business storefront, businesses can sell products and services directly from their profiles. 

Businesses can also create “buy now” links that can be added to videos. When users click on the “buy now” link, it will take them directly to the business storefront.


### Kuaishou Live Streaming

Kuaishou’s live-streaming capabilities allow businesses to showcase their products and services, build brand awareness, and drive sales. 

Kuaishou has built-in e-commerce capabilities that allow viewers to buy products through links during live streams. 

Businesses can also partner with Kuaishou influencers to help promote their products or services through live streams. Kuaishou has been compared to QVC and has established a solid reputation for selling products through live video streams.


### Kuaishou Content Creation

Kuaishou content creation tools allow businesses to create high-quality videos quickly and easily. Businesses can create engaging videos that showcase their products and services, tell their brand story, and highlight key features.

Kuaishou has more than 150 editing tools that can be used to create videos, including transitions, music, stickers, and filters. Businesses can also promote branded challenges to increase engagement and brand awareness.


## ❗ Risks of Kuaishou Marketing

While Kuaishou has distinct advantages over TikTok, there are still risks associated with Kuaishou marketing strategies.

Kuaishou is primarily a Chinese app, and most of its users are located in China. This means that Kuaishou’s business marketing opportunities are mainly for businesses that have products and services aimed at the Chinese market.

Kuaishou also does not currently have an English version of its website. If your business relies on Kuaishou Ads, Kuaishou storefronts, and Kuaishou influencer marketing, you may need a Kuaishou marketing agency to manage your business account, and that may take an additional investment.

Despite these potential barriers, Kuaishou is a robust video-sharing platform that offers various marketing opportunities for businesses serious about penetrating the lucrative Chinese market.